README.md, before:

[<img src="https://insolar.io/st/github-readme-banner.png">](http://insolar.io/?utm_source=Github)

Insolar platform is the most secure, scalable, and comprehensive business-ready blockchain toolkit in the world. Insolar’s goal is to give businesses access to features and services that enable them to launch new decentralized applications quickly and easily. Whether a minimum viable product or full-scale production software, Insolar builds and integrates applications for your enterprise's existing systems.

[![CII Best Practices](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/2150/badge)](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/2150)
[![GolangCI](https://golangci.com/badges/github.com/insolar/insolar.svg)](https://golangci.com/r/github.com/insolar/insolar/)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/insolar/insolar)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/insolar/insolar)
[![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/insolar/insolar?status.svg)](https://godoc.org/github.com/insolar/insolar)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/insolar/insolar/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/insolar/insolar)

# Quick start

To learn what distinguishes Insolar from other blockchain projects, go through the [list of our features](https://insolar.io/platform?utm_source=Github). 

To get a grip on how Insolar works, take a look at its [architecture overview](https://docs.insolar.io/en/latest/architecture.html#architecture).

To join the Insolar network, download the [latest release](https://github.com/insolar/insolar/releases) and follow the [integration instructions](https://docs.insolar.io/en/latest/integration.html).

To test Insolar locally, install it and deploy as described below.

## Install

1. Install the latest 1.12 version of the [Golang programming tools](https://golang.org/doc/install#install). Make sure the `$GOPATH` environment variable is set.

2. Download the Insolar package:

   ```
   go get github.com/insolar/insolar
   ```

3. Go to the package directory:

   ```
   cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/insolar/insolar
   ```

4. Install dependencies and build binaries:

   ```
   make
   ```

## Deploy locally

1. Run the launcher:

   ```
   scripts/insolard/launchnet.sh -g
   ```

   It generates bootstrap data, starts a pulse watcher, and launches a number of nodes. In local setup, the "nodes" are simply services listening on different ports.
   The default number of nodes is 5, you can uncomment more in `scripts/insolard/bootstrap_template.yaml`.

2. When the pulse watcher says `INSOLAR STATE: READY`, you can run the following:

   * Requester:

     ```
     bin/apirequester -k=.artifacts/launchnet/configs/ -p=http://127.0.0.1:19101/api/rpc
     ```

     The requester runs a scenario: creates a number of users with wallets and transfers some money between them. For the first time, the script does it sequentially, upon subsequent runs — concurrently.

     Options:
     * `-k`: Path to the root user's key pair. All requests for a new user creation must be signed by the root one.
     * `-p`: Node's public API URL. By default, the first node listens on the `127.0.0.1:19101` port. It can be changed in configuration.

   * Benchmark:

     ```
     bin/benchmark -c=4 -r=25 -k=.artifacts/launchnet/configs/
     ```

     Options:
     * `-k`: Path to the root user's key pair.
     * `-c`: Number of concurrent threads in which requests are sent.
     * `-r`: Number of transfer requests to be sent in each thread.

# Contribute!

Feel free to submit issues, fork the repository and send pull requests! 

To make the process smooth for both reviewers and contributors, familiarize yourself with the list of guidelines:

1. [Open source contributor guide](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/how-to-contribute-to-open-source).
2. [Style guide: Effective Go](https://golang.org/doc/effective_go.html).
3. [List of shorthands for Go code review comments](https://github.com/golang/go/wiki/CodeReviewComments).

When submitting an issue, **include a complete test function** that demonstrates it.

Thank you for your intention to contribute to the Insolar project. As a company developing open-source code, we highly appreciate external contributions to our project.

# FAQ

For more information, check out our [FAQ](https://github.com/insolar/insolar/wiki/FAQ).

# Contacts

If you have any additional questions, join our [developers chat](https://t.me/InsolarTech).

Our social media:

[<img src="https://insolar.io/st/ico-social-facebook.png" width="36" height="36">](https://facebook.com/insolario)
[<img src="https://insolar.io/st/ico-social-twitter.png" width="36" height="36">](https://twitter.com/insolario)
[<img src="https://insolar.io/st/ico-social-medium.png" width="36" height="36">](https://medium.com/insolar)
[<img src="https://insolar.io/st/ico-social-youtube.png" width="36" height="36">](https://youtube.com/insolar)
[<img src="https://insolar.io/st/ico-social-reddit.png" width="36" height="36">](https://www.reddit.com/r/insolar/)
[<img src="https://insolar.io/st/ico-social-linkedin.png" width="36" height="36">](https://www.linkedin.com/company/insolario/)
[<img src="https://insolar.io/st/ico-social-instagram.png" width="36" height="36">](https://instagram.com/insolario)
[<img src="https://insolar.io/st/ico-social-telegram.png" width="36" height="36">](https://t.me/InsolarAnnouncements)

# License

This project is licensed under the terms of the [Apache license 2.0](LICENSE), except for the [Network](network) subdirectory, which is licensed under the terms of the [Insolar License 1.0](network/LICENSE.md).

Commit message:

Updated the Forked Insolar ReadME.md
Provided a small excerpt at the top of the readme to serve as a guide for users wondering why the Git repo was forked.

README.md, after:

-----
**This repository was forked by the Librehash organization on January 28th, 2020 for the purposes of:** 

A) Running a code audit (link updated afterward) 

B) Assessing the various repos attached to the code 

C) Porting said code to our self-hosted, deployed code IDE (Visual Studio) 

D) Uploading the repo to our private instance & perhaps integrating it with current CI/CD to test code efficiency 

E) Static code analysis 

F) Side-by-side comparison of the code vs. whitepaper + technical specification
------


[<img src="https://insolar.io/st/github-readme-banner.png">](http://insolar.io/?utm_source=Github)

Insolar platform is the most secure, scalable, and comprehensive business-ready blockchain toolkit in the world. Insolar’s goal is to give businesses access to features and services that enable them to launch new decentralized applications quickly and easily. Whether a minimum viable product or full-scale production software, Insolar builds and integrates applications for your enterprise's existing systems.

[![CII Best Practices](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/2150/badge)](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/2150)
[![GolangCI](https://golangci.com/badges/github.com/insolar/insolar.svg)](https://golangci.com/r/github.com/insolar/insolar/)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/insolar/insolar)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/insolar/insolar)
[![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/insolar/insolar?status.svg)](https://godoc.org/github.com/insolar/insolar)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/insolar/insolar/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/insolar/insolar)

# Quick start

To learn what distinguishes Insolar from other blockchain projects, go through the [list of our features](https://insolar.io/platform?utm_source=Github). 

To get a grip on how Insolar works, take a look at its [architecture overview](https://docs.insolar.io/en/latest/architecture.html#architecture).

To join the Insolar network, download the [latest release](https://github.com/insolar/insolar/releases) and follow the [integration instructions](https://docs.insolar.io/en/latest/integration.html).

To test Insolar locally, install it and deploy as described below.

## Install

1. Install the latest 1.12 version of the [Golang programming tools](https://golang.org/doc/install#install). Make sure the `$GOPATH` environment variable is set.

2. Download the Insolar package:

   ```
   go get github.com/insolar/insolar
   ```

3. Go to the package directory:

   ```
   cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/insolar/insolar
   ```

4. Install dependencies and build binaries:

   ```
   make
   ```

## Deploy locally

1. Run the launcher:

   ```
   scripts/insolard/launchnet.sh -g
   ```

   It generates bootstrap data, starts a pulse watcher, and launches a number of nodes. In local setup, the "nodes" are simply services listening on different ports.
   The default number of nodes is 5, you can uncomment more in `scripts/insolard/bootstrap_template.yaml`.

2. When the pulse watcher says `INSOLAR STATE: READY`, you can run the following:

   * Requester:

     ```
     bin/apirequester -k=.artifacts/launchnet/configs/ -p=http://127.0.0.1:19101/api/rpc
     ```

     The requester runs a scenario: creates a number of users with wallets and transfers some money between them. For the first time, the script does it sequentially, upon subsequent runs — concurrently.

     Options:
     * `-k`: Path to the root user's key pair. All requests for a new user creation must be signed by the root one.
     * `-p`: Node's public API URL. By default, the first node listens on the `127.0.0.1:19101` port. It can be changed in configuration.

   * Benchmark:

     ```
     bin/benchmark -c=4 -r=25 -k=.artifacts/launchnet/configs/
     ```

     Options:
     * `-k`: Path to the root user's key pair.
     * `-c`: Number of concurrent threads in which requests are sent.
     * `-r`: Number of transfer requests to be sent in each thread.

# Contribute!

Feel free to submit issues, fork the repository and send pull requests! 

To make the process smooth for both reviewers and contributors, familiarize yourself with the list of guidelines:

1. [Open source contributor guide](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/how-to-contribute-to-open-source).
2. [Style guide: Effective Go](https://golang.org/doc/effective_go.html).
3. [List of shorthands for Go code review comments](https://github.com/golang/go/wiki/CodeReviewComments).

When submitting an issue, **include a complete test function** that demonstrates it.

Thank you for your intention to contribute to the Insolar project. As a company developing open-source code, we highly appreciate external contributions to our project.

# FAQ

For more information, check out our [FAQ](https://github.com/insolar/insolar/wiki/FAQ).

# Contacts

If you have any additional questions, join our [developers chat](https://t.me/InsolarTech).

Our social media:

[<img src="https://insolar.io/st/ico-social-facebook.png" width="36" height="36">](https://facebook.com/insolario)
[<img src="https://insolar.io/st/ico-social-twitter.png" width="36" height="36">](https://twitter.com/insolario)
[<img src="https://insolar.io/st/ico-social-medium.png" width="36" height="36">](https://medium.com/insolar)
[<img src="https://insolar.io/st/ico-social-youtube.png" width="36" height="36">](https://youtube.com/insolar)
[<img src="https://insolar.io/st/ico-social-reddit.png" width="36" height="36">](https://www.reddit.com/r/insolar/)
[<img src="https://insolar.io/st/ico-social-linkedin.png" width="36" height="36">](https://www.linkedin.com/company/insolario/)
[<img src="https://insolar.io/st/ico-social-instagram.png" width="36" height="36">](https://instagram.com/insolario)
[<img src="https://insolar.io/st/ico-social-telegram.png" width="36" height="36">](https://t.me/InsolarAnnouncements)

# License

This project is licensed under the terms of the [Apache license 2.0](LICENSE), except for the [Network](network) subdirectory, which is licensed under the terms of the [Insolar License 1.0](network/LICENSE.md).
